Meeting Summary: August 07, 2020
---------------------------------

- **Presentation:** See presentation by Xilin [here](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1tr-MiXi4SnhY4wy91lrM5IK88Pr7DkoG)

- Cameron: Working on getting v_2 and resolution for 3.0 GeV using first order event plane angle rather than second order. The correlations are just too weak for the second order angle.

- David:

- Ding: I am working with Skipper to push Run 7.7 GeV EPD calibration into the database. Before entering the database, I need to prepare a calibration note and a bad run list to get Mike Lisa's approval to push the calibration to the database. I am also working on the second version of my presentation for QE. I will take the STAR shift next week.

- Erik: Working with Joey’s lambda analysis code. In trying to retool it find Xi-, I need to generalize the code which is specifically tooled to work for lambdas to work more generally i.e. more than just lambdas.

- Latif: I worked on the FMS trigger simulator. Now it is working at least with earlier releases, though not with the current release. I analyzed the data with the current release. Decided to proceed with simulation using earlier release at this time, and leave the incompatibility issue with the simulation/software group to be resolved. 

- Liankun: Working on my thesis. Got the two track pi0s spectrum and working on the embedding to combine single track and two track pi0s spectrum.

- William:

- Xilin: We still focus on the cut for Central Exclusive Production analysis. We check the cut of TPC track matching BEMC. It seems that we are still not finding any error inside this cut.

- Yang: I’m continuing to work on flow pt correlations at 3gev. We found correlation magnitude to be larger from low to medium pT region, small at medium to high pT region, and negligible above 2 GeV/c.

