Meeting Summary: August 14, 2020
------------------------------------

- Presentation: None

- Cameron: I am still working on implementing PID for 3 GeV TPC eta region (-2, -1.1).

- David: I got some basic QA plots for the FMS so I have some working code I can now use to build off of for the Drell-Yan analysis.

- Ding: I am on shift this week. For my analysis, I am going to do systematic analysis on 7.2 GeV phi-meson flow analysis.

- Erik: I’ve continued my work in extending Joey’s Lambda analysis code to use generated Lambdas to find Xis. To do this, I needed to take the ILambda class and generalize it, which I have successfully done.

- Latif: I am working to generate more simulated samples for FMS Jet to have meaningful comparison between different trigger types. So far I have been able to generate some samples that have trigger bits simulated but too few statistics to compare with data.
I will be on shift next week.

- Liankun:

- William: I am working on the MIP peak analysis, but after some information given to me by David, I am going over the data files I used to create the ADC histograms. After that I plan to present any info that might have changed as well as the ratios that I have been working on last week using the possibly new data.

- Xilin: This week I checked the cuts on my CEP analysis. It seems that the cut on TPC track matching BEMC cluster i do not define correctly. Since they use PicoDst and the related maker, they can easily get the information for matching BEMC clusters from StPicoBEmcPidTraits maker. So I try to ignore the cut on TPC track matching BEMC to see the effect on the results on PID.

- Yang: I am continuing working on 3gev flow correlations study. I am dealing with pile up removing and v2{2} and v2{4} now.


