Meeting Summary: Aug 28, 2020
---------------------------------------

- Paper Review: We discussed the paper "Measurements of W and Z/γ* cross sections and cross-section ratios in p + p collisions at RHIC" and collected all comments from our group. The comments are posted [here](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1k26vZ3Yy9hqKyapNyZr6RTzxvoAVDg3H)

- Presentations: Check slides from Latif and William [here](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/13d2Dy1qeF1eZK_01e57tT5UVmj6top8Z). We postponed presentations to the next week.

- Ananya:

- Cameron: 

- David: Continue working with FMS points and add more information like vertex and invariant mass.  Also, apply some basic geometry cuts

- Ding: I’m still working on the systematic analysis of 7.2 phi-meson flow and preparing for the Oral QE. I will move to an apartment with Xilin next week.

- Erik: Preparing to move to New York / finishing up business in Michigan.

- Latif: Performed studies on the effect of event filtering for FMS jet. I will talk about the details using the slides posted.

- Liankun: working on thesis and two track pi0s. The new deadhot channels are uploaded into the database, start to look at lower energy stuff 

- William: Check slides.

- Xilin: I am still working on my CEP analysis. I meet a problem when doing PID. The velocity beta can be obtained from StMuBTofTrait maker. But when I check this value for events passing TPC tracks and RP tracks cut, only about 5k events have this beta value (out of 53k events). We need to investigate this to see the reason.

- Yang: 

