Meeting Summary: Feb 05, 2021
---------------------------------

- Presentations: Check Presentations on "Meson Elliptic flow" by Ding and "EM-jet A_N using FMS and EEMC" by Latif posted [here](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1Q6Jbl13RQZJHIkmvvIqQ6iHFzWplckD0).

- Ananya:

- Cameron: I found that the discrepancy between my v2 vs centrality and Shaowei’s is due to me extending my PID acceptance to cover 0<y_cm<1.0. It seems that Shaowei only does this extension for v2 vs rapidity plots and only goes up to 0.5 for the rest of the plots. I’ll check with him about this.

- David: Continuing to understand machine learning methods and refinements to waveform fitter for FCS

- Ding:

- Erik: Worked on fixing issues with running my KFParticle analysis code. A comment at the PWG meeting on Wednesday prompted me to look to see if my choice of data set was the cause of my weird analysis results; unlikely, but it led me to discover that my FemtoDst maker bloated filesizes for output files. I am fixing that. Mainly prevalent because I don’t want to exceed disk quota on RCF (which is about 25GB, can check with the “quota” input). du is a useful command for checking what uses up what

- Latif: I did further comprehensive comparison of cuts. I also undated EEMC EM-jet calculation by replacing EEMC tower + TPC tower by EEMC photon candidates. Please check the slides posted.

- Liankun:

- William:

- Xilin: Continue on QA for EEMC using run15 physics stream data. 
For FMS commissioning, I follow Akio’s idea to write script to do DY event simulation and compare the ADC with the ADC value from LED test run in order to get the gain file for LED run.

- Yang:




