Meeting Summary: July 31, 2020
--------------------------------

- Announcement: Cameron and Erik will relocate to BNL in mid September. Xilin will relocate at the end of August.

- Presentation: See Presentations by Xilin, Latif, Yang, Ding, William [here](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1yE7YAM_cJ8qF4L30QkjMESfTAUoUwuo7)

- Cameron: Still working on selecting sub-events for 3.0 GeV analysis.

- David: I am on shift and working to get some FMS QA plots

- Ding: I am working on QE presentation version 1. The Oral QE is scheduled on Sep. 11th, at 2:00 PM PST.

- Erik: I’ve been working with the KFParticle code from Joey. I’ve gotten the code to successfully run within my own directories. I can do whatever I want to with this code going forward.

- Latif: I looked at the FMS photon reconstruction efficiency. I will discuss briefly the outcome and outlook for these studies using FMS simulation. The slides are posted.

- Liankun: Working on his thesis and machine learning.

- William: I have changed from using a day by day comparison of the ADC spectra to using the best day and comparing it to the rest of the days, this allows me to see the change of the pedestal over time easier. Next steps are to look at oscillations seen in the ratios by double checking individual ADC values and seeing if this is the cause.

- Xilin: This week I'm still working on my CEP analysis. I finish making NanoDst files from run15 RP trigger data (from MuDst files). Since on Tuesday they moved out the run15 RP MuDst files, I can't make more development on these datasets. Maybe we can try on run17 RP datasets (if they still exist.) I still can not continue on PID because there are not many events left after cuts on TPC tracks and RP tracks.

- Yang: I am continuing working on 3gev PCC analysis. The four-particle correlations are close to zero at nearly all multiplicity, could be possibly due to small v2, and low statistics. PCC results need theory model verification or maybe they can be used to reject theory models.

