Meeting Summary
-----------------


**July 24, 2020**

- Cameron: I have confirmed that my 3.0 GeV analysis macro shows good correlations for first order event plane angles among the EPD subevents and the full TPC like Ding has shown before. I am now focusing on second order event plane angles and searching for eta regions that produce good correlations among subevents.

- David: I am working on writing a maker that I can use to do some basic FMS QA as prelude to my future FMS analysis.
- Ding: I am working on the draft of my oral qualifying exam presentation. For the time and date of my QE, there are two options from the doodle poll:  1. Sep. 9, 2:00 - 4:00 PM (PST); 2. Sep. 11, 2:00 - 4:00 PM (PST). I wonder which one of those times works for Ken.

- Erik: Leaving Riverside for Michigan.

- Latif: I am working on FMS Jet simulation. Currently trying to implement event filtering. So far Pythia and BFC level filtering are working as expected. I am still missing the trigger simulator part. I need the trigger simulator to produce simulated data that will correspond to FMS JP1 and JP2 triggers. Also, since some of the Run 15 data will be removed from the distributed disk, I am finishing the production remaining DST files for the analysis.

- Liankun:

- William: I have created ADC ratios of the days for run 17. This was done to see the way that the radiation damage does to the pedestal throughout the days. Next I will be fitting the ratios to get the functional form the ratios, which should be linear since that indicates no movement in the MIP from day to day.

- Xilin: I still focus on my Central Exclusive Production (CEP) analysis. I am getting more datasets and making more NanoDst files in order to get more data to analyze. Hopefully I can finish making enough NanoDst files this weekend and continue to follow the cuts on Rafal’s CEP paper to get some basic results.

- Yang: I am working on 3 GeV flow pT correlation analysis. Some data points were unattainable due to fluctuations. I am trying to use the statistical error size to estimate the approximate data point location.

