Meeting Summary: Nov 13, 2020
-------------------------------------

- Presentations: Check presentations by Erik and Latif posted [here](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1slEApaJme4K4kWJwiJPh2Z0lAEnFILgb)

- Ananya:

- Cameron:

- David: I am continuing with helping FCS construction and working to use FPS pid information to see how well it works.

- Ding: For analysis, I am working on the event plane selection for elliptic flows (v2) at 7.2 (26.5) GeV FXT. Basically I am trying to find good 2nd order correlations among the 3 sub-event planes that I selected. This week I tried to calculate 3 TPC-sub 2nd order event planes. They are not flattened after shifting - I plan to add recentering before shifting to see if that will work. For EPD calibration, I am moving on to calibrate the Run20 7.7 (31.2) GeV FXT data.

- Erik: See the presentation posted

- Latif: I will give the current status of my EM-Jet A_N analysis. Please see my slides for details.

- Liankun:

- William: Reading the macros and code for how to generate Dst and understanding how to create these for my own analysis. I have also implemented the changes to the fits for the MIP peak and ratio plots that Oleg asked me to do and I will be meeting with him on monday to talk about some of the outliers and how to better look at the data.

- Xilin: I’m still working on forward upgrade in BNL. Also I study the motivation of my diffractive EM jet A_N analysis and try to follow Latif’s code to run.

- Yang: I’m working on FXT 3 GeV p/pi/k v1 crosscheck with Shaowei’s results and trying to use Q cumulant in v2 calculations.



