Meeting Summary: Sep 18, 2020
-------------------------------------

- Announcement: Collaboration meeting plenary sessions will start next Monday. Students are encouraged to attend to know about the physics cases/motivations for the future runs (Run 21 - 25).

- Presentations: Check the presentations by Yang and Xilin posted [here](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1s_-kXco6ufmIRqGAHlmB1T_ajYiARUKg).

- Ananya: Got access to STAR computer account

- Cameron: Widened m^2 cuts for pi, K, and protons using Gaussian fits of the total m^2 distribution. Added total momentum cuts for the identified particles to minimize contamination. I will look at v_2 and try to finish getting the event plane resolution.

- David: Finishing up work for FCS pulse finder and fitter.

- Ding: I’m finishing the Run19 7.7 GeV COL EPD calibration and still doing the systematic analysis of Run18 7.2 GeV FXT phi-meson flow.

- Erik:

- Latif: I am working to improve the FMS Jet simulation based on the feedback I received. I am also working to tune the analysis based on the lessons learnt from the simulation so far.

- Liankun: Finish the first chapter of thesis and move to the second chapter. By making large opening angle cut, mixing background matches with true background. Try to get the embedding efficiency out and the two track pi0s spectrum out. 

- William: I am looking into the oscillation problem that I have encountered with the MIP peak analysis. I am also finishing up on the comparison of the MIP peaks to present next week, which will show any changes to the MIP over time by looking at the change in the fit of the ratios.

- Xilin: Based on the report on February forward upgrade f2f meeting for my invariant mass analysis, I make a draft slide for the DNP2020 meeting. Later on, I will redesign the slide again. For the CEP analysis, I try to follow Rafal’s paper to get the velocity (Beta) for TPC tracks, but it seems that I still can not find out how to do that with makers related to MuDst. I will continue to discuss with Latif to see how to deal with that.

- Yang: Discovered a mistake in the code. Now 3 GeV PCC looks weak, showing weak correlation between initial eccentricity and particle production.


