Meeting Summary: Sep 04, 2020
-------------------------------------

- Announcement: Everyone encouraged to read the finalized Beam Use Request (BUR) for Runs 21, 23 and data taking in 2023 - 25 posted [here](https://drupal.star.bnl.gov/STAR/files/BUR2020_final.pdf). Ding has posted [here](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1Kl2kQGXRmevoq4pS5s__i3oFhSuuXeXu) his qualifying exam slides. Comments/suggestions are welcome.

- Presentations: Check presentations by Xilin, Latif, William and Ding posted [here](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1Kl2kQGXRmevoq4pS5s__i3oFhSuuXeXu)

- Ananya:

- Cameron: Still moving in to apartment in Long Island.

- David: Continuing work on Drell-Yan analysis by looking at invariant mass plots and incorporating FPS FPOST information.

- Ding: Preparing for the oral exam and doing EPD calibration stuff

- Erik:

- Latif: Worked to resolve the FMS trigger simulator issues that resulted in no events from parts of the FMS. Compared simulated FMS jet with data for a specific trigger type.

- Liankun:

- William: Update on the oscillation problem of the ADC ratios in the MIP analysis. Check Slides.

- Xilin: I get the basic plots for PID in my CEP analysis. Due to the problem of missing velocity beta value from TOF, we can only get about 12% of the tracks which pass the cut on TPC tracks and RP tracks. But we can still get some pion pairs from PID. 
By the way, i will leave California Saturday evening and arrive in Long Island on Sunday morning (Sep. 06).

- Yang: I am carrying out systematic study for 3 GeV correlation analysis.


